# streamy

Playing with worker threads to chunk a list of passwords for cracking in multiple threads.

## Usage

```bash
node --experimental-worker index.js
```


## Output

```bash
> $ node --experimental-worker index.js -p passwords.txt
thread 0
working on:  Adult
working on:  Aeroplane
working on:  Air
working on:  Aircraft Carrier
working on:  Airforce
working on:  Airport
working on:  Album
working on:  Alphabet
working on:  Apple
working on:  Arm
working on:  Army
working on:  Baby
working on:  Baby
working on:  Backpack
working on:  Balloon
working on:  Banana
working on:  Bank
working on:  Barbecue
working on:  Bathroom
working on:  Bathtub
working on:  Bed
working on:  Bed
working on:  Bee
working on:  Bible
working on:  Bible
working on:  Bird
working on:  Bomb
working on:  Book
working on:  Boss
working on:  Bottle
working on:  Bowl
working on:  Box
working on:  Boy
working on:  Brain
working on:  Bridge
working on:  Butterfly
working on:  Button
working on:  Cappuccino
working on:  Car
working on:  Car-race
working on:  Carpet
working on:  Carrot
working on:  Cave
working on:  Chair
working on:  Chess Board
working on:  Chief
working on:  Child
working on:  Chisel
working on:  Chocolates
working on:  Church
working on:  Church
working on:  Circle
working on:  Circus
working on:  Circus
working on:  Clock
working on:  Clown
working on:  Coffee
working on:  Coffee-shop
working on:  Comet
thread 1
working on:  Compact Disc
working on:  Compass
working on:  Computer
working on:  Crystal
working on:  Cup
working on:  Cycle
working on:  Data Base
working on:  Desk
working on:  Diamond
working on:  Dress
working on:  Drill
working on:  Drink
working on:  Drum
working on:  Dung
working on:  Ears
working on:  Earth
working on:  Egg
working on:  Electricity
working on:  Elephant
working on:  Eraser
working on:  Explosive
working on:  Eyes
working on:  Family
working on:  Fan
working on:  Feather
working on:  Festival
working on:  Film
working on:  Finger
working on:  Fire
working on:  Floodlight
working on:  Flower
working on:  Foot
working on:  Fork
working on:  Freeway
working on:  Fruit
working on:  Fungus
working on:  Game
working on:  Garden
working on:  Gas
working on:  Gate
working on:  Gemstone
working on:  Girl
working on:  Gloves
working on:  God
working on:  Grapes
working on:  Guitar
working on:  Hammer
working on:  Hat
working on:  Hieroglyph
working on:  Highway
working on:  Horoscope
working on:  Horse
working on:  Hose
working on:  Ice
working on:  Ice-cream
working on:  Insect
working on:  Jet fighter
working on:  Junk
working on:  Kaleidoscope
thread 2
working on:  Kitchen
working on:  Knife
working on:  Leather jacket
working on:  Leg
working on:  Library
working on:  Liquid
working on:  Magnet
working on:  Man
working on:  Map
working on:  Maze
working on:  Meat
working on:  Meteor
working on:  Microscope
working on:  Milk
working on:  Milkshake
working on:  Mist
working on:  Money $$$$
working on:  Monster
working on:  Mosquito
working on:  Mouth
working on:  Nail
working on:  Navy
working on:  Necklace
working on:  Needle
working on:  Onion
working on:  PaintBrush
working on:  Pants
working on:  Parachute
working on:  Passport
working on:  Pebble
working on:  Pendulum
working on:  Pepper
working on:  Perfume
working on:  Pillow
working on:  Plane
working on:  Planet
working on:  Pocket
working on:  Post-office
working on:  Potato
working on:  Printer
working on:  Prison
working on:  Pyramid
working on:  Radar
working on:  Rainbow
working on:  Record
working on:  Restaurant
working on:  Rifle
working on:  Ring
working on:  Robot
working on:  Rock
working on:  Rocket
working on:  Roof
working on:  Room
working on:  Rope
working on:  Saddle
working on:  Salt
working on:  Sandpaper
working on:  Sandwich
working on:  Satellite
thread 3
working on:  School
working on:  Sex
working on:  Ship
working on:  Shoes
working on:  Shop
working on:  Shower
working on:  Signature
working on:  Skeleton
working on:  Slave
working on:  Snail
working on:  Software
working on:  Solid
working on:  Space Shuttle
working on:  Spectrum
working on:  Sphere
working on:  Spice
working on:  Spiral
working on:  Spoon
working on:  Sports-car
working on:  Spot Light
working on:  Square
working on:  Staircase
working on:  Star
working on:  Stomach
working on:  Sun
working on:  Sunglasses
working on:  Surveyor
working on:  Swimming Pool
working on:  Sword
working on:  Table
working on:  Tapestry
working on:  Teeth
working on:  Telescope
working on:  Television
working on:  Tennis racquet
working on:  Thermometer
working on:  Tiger
working on:  Toilet
working on:  Tongue
working on:  Torch
working on:  Torpedo
working on:  Train
working on:  Treadmill
working on:  Triangle
working on:  Tunnel
working on:  Typewriter
working on:  Umbrella
working on:  Vacuum
working on:  Vampire
working on:  Videotape
working on:  Vulture
working on:  Water
working on:  Weapon
working on:  Web
working on:  Wheelchair
working on:  Window
working on:  Woman
working on:  Worm
working on:  X-ray
```
